[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Another thing that we might
want to test say that on our initial
render it wasn't showing all
the movies one of the times.
Right, like that and that was a problem
for us we want to make sure that.
We’re gonna showing as many show
cars as we definitely have data for.
There's actually a pretty
easy way to test for that.
So, let's pull and
show cards now because you don't test for
the existence of show cards, okay.
And we're also in a poll in data
>> Brian Holt: Actually
what we're gonna do here is, shows-
>> Brian Holt: ../public/data,
okay?
>> Brian Holt: We're
gonna write another test.
>> Brian Holt: Should render
as many shows as there are data for.
>> Brian Holt: Yep,
I like to dangle my prepositions.
Deal with it.
>> Brian Holt: You
definitely don't want to take
an English workshop from me.
Okay, so we have to get another
wrapper here wrapper here,
so we have to say const
wrapper equals shallow search.
Okay and I wanna say expect
wrapper.find ( ShowCard).
So, the cool thing here is we can
actually just give it the the ShowCard.
Component from react intellectually you
can actually search based on that which
I think is pretty cool.
So, length-
>> Brian Holt: To.equal(shows.length).
So, let's talk about the cycle.
So, we're doing another shallow
render here of Search, and
then we're doing a find,
we're finding every ShowCard here in here.
This is going to return to us an array
of all the show cards it found.
And I'm asking,
did you find the same amount of show cards
that I have shows to display, right.
So, it's basically testing it, do all
these get shown on the very first render?
That makes sense?
>> Brian Holt: So, let's go see if
that works.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
to passing let's go make it fail.
So, here's a fairly insidious
way to make it fail.
It does it this filter.
Based on the title in the description.
And it does that from the search term.
So, if we set the initial state
to be something other than blank,
it's not gonna show all of
the shows the first time, right.
So for example, if I change this
to be house and I come in here and
run my tests again
>> Brian Holt: Now,
it's gonna only render two which are gonna
be House of Cards and Fuller House, right?
But it's actually expecting
21 shows to be there.
So now, this would fail and
this would fail usefully for us, right?
So this is checking several things for
us, which is kind of interesting.
So, let's unfail our test and
look at app spec again.
Any questions about that test.
>> Speaker 2: I do have
a couple questions here.
Not as on this specific test,
but they're asking if you move
the data.filter.map code into
a function and search jsx.
How would you call that function?
And then, can you call the test as a rap.
Call it in a test as like wrapper of some
function.
>> Brian Holt: Ask me the first
question again, let's see one at a time.
>> Speaker 2: Moving the data.filter.map
code into a function in search through JS.
Basically, I want to be able to access
then call in here to test that.
>> Brian Holt: Sure, if you want to basic
test your static methods?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
can you tell us whether or not the search
is filtering But at least what kind what
you're getting it sounds like.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, you definitely can.
There's a couple ways you could do it.
One of the you can just separate
into a separate module and
then just require that in and
run it through the module.
That's probably the easiest way in my
opinion because then you'll have to
mess with reacted all you can
just test it on the side.
That's something you're
interested in testing.
I don't really use statics that much.
But there is a concept of
statics in react which I
had not intended on talking about today.
Again, I don't really use them that much.
But this is an object full of things that
are static methods, that you can basically
say like my filter or something like
that which is a function, right?
And basically you can call at this
point I could require into my test.
>> Brian Holt: And I could say something
like Search.myFilter, right?
And then I could test it that way.
So, there's basically exposes these static
functions to be called statically, right?
That if the terms calling a function
statically doesn't make a ton
of sense to you.
That's okay, it's kinda computers science.
But the basic idea is that,
this is a method for
all of search and so search has
exactly one instance of this method.
Whereas, something here
like handleSearchTermEvent,
every single time I create a new
component, a new search component,
it has its own version of
handleSearchTermEvent.
Whereas, all of search, every component,
every element everywhere has exactly one
instance of my filter and
it's here on the statics, right?
Basically gets put on the prototype if
that helps you think of it that sense.
It's kind of like not typically useful but
then that's the place where this would
be useful if you wanted to test it.
But then again, I would say most things
that could be put on status could just be.
Put into another module totally and
then you can test the module.
It's a little less complicated, up to you.
The syntax here might be slightly
different, I might be a little bit off but
that's the basic gist of
what's going on here.
So that's officially confusing for
everyone [LAUGH].
It is a little confusing I know.
But I was not intending on talking about
it but you can do something like that.
Other questions.
>> Speaker 2: Give me a minute there is
a couple here.
You might have covered this.
Did you cover, he said I missed that,
what is statics?
But I think you just explained that.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
Tried to.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: Is.
>> Speaker 2: Can the value of a search
input be manipulated inside the test?
>> Brian Holt: Yes,
that's actually our next test.
So, good question.
So, give a question I thought of myself.
[LAUGH] Just kidding
that's a great question.
Yeah, our next text we’ll
talk exactly about that.
Other question before I move on?
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
So, Zachary has a question here.
Why does .find(ShowCard) rather than
putting this square brackets around or
not the square brackets.
>> Brian Holt: Angle brackets.
Thank you.
This probably would work.
>> Brian Holt: I actually don't think
it will because it could be looking for
specifically a ShowCard that
has no properties, right?
Because all these, if we go back here and
look at my terminal and
I scroll all the way up here.
Look at all these properties
these are getting in, right?
It has the trailer.
It has all that other stuff.
And so, it's gonna look for
a ShowCard that has no properties on it.
When this particular case I was
like I'm looking for ShowCards.
I don't actually care
what the properties are.
I just wanna make sure there's 21 of them.
I think that's the difference here.
>> Speaker 3: So,
would that be true vice versa to it.
Search on line 17.
>> Brian Holt: It's not because you
actually you want to render an instance of
of search for a does that make some sense.
Yeah, you wanna actually create like a
specific instance of search to be able to
call the wrapper.
>> Brian Holt: That didn't make any sense.
You wanna be able to create
a specific instance of search, right?
That then you have this wrapper
around the call methods on.
Now, this actually might work.
Again, the dangers of live coding.
Someone asked you previously
if you could do this.
You might be able to do (React.DOM.h1).
I don't know if this is going to work so,
hold on your seats.
>> Speaker 4: You need one more closing
parentheses.
>> Brian Holt: Thank you.
It wasn't gonna work until she fixed it.
Thank you.
>> Brian Holt: I guess it didn't work.
Factory type is deprecated.
I don't know.
There might be something to be done there.
I don't actually know how to do it.
So